refactor: new balance sheet project (#45048)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/14-responsive-web-design-22/learn-more-about-css-pseudo-selectors-by-building-a-balance-sheet/step-015.md

---
id: 61fd78621573aa5e8b512f5e
title: Step 15
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-15
---

# --description--

In your third `tr` element, add a `th` element with the text `Savings Funds set aside for emergencies.`. Wrap that text, except for `Savings `, in a `span` element with the `class` attribute set to `description`.

Following that, add three `td` elements with the following text (in order): `$500`, `$650`, `$728`. Give the third `td` element a `class` attribute set to `current`.

# --hints--

Your third `tr` should have a `th` element.

```js
assert(document.querySelector('tbody')?.querySelectorAll('tr')?.[2]?.querySelector('th'));
```

Your `th` element should have the text `Savings Funds set aside for emergencies.`.

```js
assert(document.querySelector('tbody')?.querySelectorAll('tr')?.[2]?.querySelector('th')?.innerText === 'Savings Funds set aside for emergencies.');
```

> You should wrap the text `This is the cash we currently have on hand.` in a `span` element.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should wrap the text `Funds set aside for emergencies.` in a `span` element.
```
